   STEPS TO RUN THE PROJECT

1- Since you have cloned the project from the GitHub repository,
   open the folder in which the project files are located at.
   Right click inside the folder directory and click on the 
   'Git Bash Here' option. (Note that Git must've been installed.)

2- When you click on the 'Git bash here' option, a console will 
   open, write the 'composer update' command. (Note that the 
   composer must be installed to install or run the laravel 
   project, it is a dependency of PHP used to install and run
   the laravel project. Also enter the command I provided without
   single invented commas, it is just put there to highlight the
   text for your reference.)

3- Run the XAMPP, if not installed then you should download it,
   it runs the Apache local host and the MYSQL database. After
   opening XAMPP, click on the 'start' button of Apache and 
   MySql option. Also click on the 'Admin option' of the Mysql next
   to the 'start' of MySql, it will run the MySQl database in your
   default browser.  

3- Back to you project location, open the Project Folder, Just below
   the top of your screen there is your folder name and project location,
   it is present to the left of the search bar which is at the around the
   top right corner of the screen. Click on that bar below the top of your 
   screen and write 'cmd' and press the enter key which will open up your 
   console, then wite 'code .' to run the project. Alternatively if you want 
   to open your project you can right click inside you project folder and 
   click on the 'open with Vs Code' option which will also run your project.
   (Note that for other code editors you'll have to press on their option.)

4- Open the terminal of your VS code, by pressing the 'Ctrl' key and backtik 
   key '`' together usually present around the top left of keyboard.

5- Run the 'php artisan migrate' or 'php artisan migrate --step' to run
   the migrations which will migrate your tables to the database.

6- After that run the 'php artisan serve' command in the terminal which
   will create you local host environment. Hold 'Ctrl' key and press
   the left click on the local host link. It will run your project live
   in the browser in a local host environment where you can test and 
   check the features.

FEATURES OF THE PROJECT BELOW

1- Prevented the back button after the user logs out after registering 
   the account using middlewares.

2- Added the role of buyer and seller, when registering you can select
   the role, after login you will redirect to your specific dashboard
   based on your role.

3- Seller can perform CRUD while the buyer can only view and order the
   product.

4- You can also register or create multiple sellers and they can only 
   perform CRUD on their own created respective products preventing the
   access of the other's authenticated seller products.

5- Buyers can place order along with the quantity, implemented the logic 
   that if the quantity is doubled, the final price is doubled. The seller 
   who created the product can view the orders placed by the buyer.

6- Implemeted the logic that only the specific seller who created 
   the product will recieve the order placed by the buyer, not the 
   other sellers. 
    


   

 
   
   
  
   